hey Internet Sarah peachy here I got my
hands on the brand-new lavender samsung
note 9 after attending the unpacked
event in Brooklyn I'm sure you guys have
seen enough unboxing videos by now so
I'm going to do a real world camera test
as my boyfriend and I head back to my
hometown of Texas to celebrate my
birthday and spend time with my family
this camera is an interesting one all
footage you see is from the new note 9
unless otherwise stated or the physical
note 9 is in the shot it's the change
welcome to Texas John it's good to be
here the weather is so hey John we are
here at the park where I grew up
okay okay so it's been raining a little
here in Texas but now it's thick humid
it's so sunny like Haven see you but
John that baseball field back there is
where I played boys baseball whoa yeah I
know this football field right here is
where I played I am intrigued by this
super slo-mo ish on this camera
so we're going to test it out John
the super-slow-mo which shoots at 960
frames per second relies on recording
the slo-mo and burst it tries tries to
detect when motion is happening in the
square and that's when it does the slow
motion it gets it right maybe half the
time make sure you get it right when
shooting because you can't adjust what
slo-mo after-the-fact I mean this is a
phone so I don't expect it to shoot 960
frames per second it continuously but I
would like to have more control of when
that slo-mo is activated it's just so
close to being such an epic perfect
feature you can toggle between a single
or multiple slow-motion verse in one
clip in the settings when you turn the
slow-mo off the cliff gets pretty ugly
as it speeds up random sections of it so
make sure to get the slow-mo right and
it'll look great Samsung actually just
released an update today where you can
also do slow-mo in 480 frames per second
if you want to shoot in 240 frames per
second you have to dig into the settings
and turn it on why that's not just in
the camera automatically I don't know
it'll show up as just slow-motion it
looks really great but I found the
iPhone X or excuse me the iPhone 10 is
better at automatically finding the
right exposure but exposure is always an
easy thing to adjust so if you pay
attention to it you'll be fine
[Music]
[Applause]
okay so my entire branding is based on
Sara - eros peachy but fun fact I've
only had one peach in my entire life
and it tastes like an apple it was so
hard it's very out of season so look at
this beautiful peach notion yeah
compliment to me mom and it's time to
try a delicious peach liqueur washes
that is a what a Parker County peach can
we decide it
[Music]
I love you let's entertain I like the
flavor of it but the spiciness Bianca
[Music]
family picture with the estimate I think
this honestly is the most underrated
feature the edges when shooting in a
live focus mode aka portrait mode are
good you can actually adjust how much
background blur there is the shape of
the bokeh and it also takes a wide-angle
picture at the same time I've always
complained how I can't get my picture
look with Android phones but I
downloaded all of my editing apps you
have vsco cam and Lightroom mobile and I
was determined to get images that I like
and I would actually post to Instagram I
went outside my usual filters and
actually found myself decreasing the
saturation and contrast a lot but I
landed on edit some Stoke done the s-pen
is awesome for applying masks and
Lightroom long story short you can
download all the apps you're used to and
get results that you like the process in
getting there will be different from an
iPhone of course but with these
thousand-dollar flagship phones it's
coming down to small preferences in your
workflow and which one that you prefer
this camera is so sharp and sometimes
it's not the best look these trees start
to look hectic but with a little editing
you know I like it here's a panoramic
shot super super crispy another unique
camera feature is the wide selfie you
turn your phone like you're shooting a
panoramic but it's meant to get a lot of
people in one selfie or make sure you
include that beautiful landscape in the
back
how's the tofu coming all right we're
out here in the DG household it's the
last day being in taxes we're preparing
the final dinner right now Jeannie made
tofu because we have a vegan on our
premises so each year hey let's try some
new things over here and I figured what
a better follow-up videos are the
exciting things that you need to know
before going to New York City with Ryan
Serhant that was my last video check it
out if you haven't seen yet why not
follow that up with a hometown texas
video check out the no nine Oh John is
the first to taste it oh my gosh this is
it's good and then we have father over
here just eating a PB&J crazy
events have happened and we decided to
go to movies John and I are going on a
vacation tomorrow and we have decided to
smear our last hours in Texas I just
eaten tofu but when you see Mission
Possible so I got my candy out of the
fridge this is what I'm going to bring
to the movies
it was so pretty good I went to quit
being a youtuber and say bye to all the
Texas homies guys it was real this Texas
trip was fun by brother John by mother
peachy and then Jana and I are off to
California we're going to be on vacation
while you guys are watching this so if
you want to keep up-to-date with
real-time you can follow me on Instagram
people John link don't yet make sure you
like subscribe fam here like that little
animation was made with the handy s-pen
and Samsung's app pin up a community for
phone art it's annoying that the note 9
doesn't have a built in screen record
option like the iPhone but I easily
found one in the store it's called D U
recorder some other features I dig you
can make a Jif or gif instantly from any
of your videos the s-pen and the mark up
options are fun and if you don't want to
mess with 4k recording qHD it gets you a
little bit more resolution to edit with
whether you want to zoom in or scale
down for sharpness and then you can also
change the selfie cam to qHD which makes
for a really clear image I would
definitely recommend that that's what
all the selfie footage was shot in in
this video some more pictures they are
beautiful out of the camera but iPhone
images are easier to edit since they are
less saturated in contrast see the over
sharpness of the note 9 sometimes looks
unnatural but if you don't care about
editing pictures I think straight out of
the camera at the note 9 hands down has
the better picture also reminder that a
new iPhone is coming out soon I didn't
want to do a full-on comparison since
the iPhone 10 is almost a year old and
the note and I am which is brand new I
hope you guys enjoyed this video and let
me know what you think about the new
note 9 and a comments down below I think
it's an amazing camera to always have in
your pocket I hope you enjoyed the Texas
hangs and a peek into our Big Sur
vacation more coming soon make sure to
subscribe and I'll see you in the next
one guys stay PG
[Music]
you